[music playing]
[The Brain] This
moment in history is ours
to do with what we will.
The hour upon us is dark.
Our very way of life
is under attack.
Our dedication to evil,
besieged.
But we will not shy
from adversity.
Niles Caulder will be stopped.
Evidently, he's taken out
our man in Paraguay.
And that insufferable
Eric Morden along with him.
Je m'en fous.
[The Brain] In light of this
new intelligence, it appears
we're next on his list.
However, it'll take much more
than whatever two-bit army
Caulder's building to stop us.
Monsieur Mallah...
Send him in.
Kindly send him in, please.
-I thought you said
this was fixed.
-It was working this morning.
-We have access to the most
intelligent alien technologies.
-Give me a second...
-And we can't even...
Oh, God damn it.
-Let me just try and see...
-Just leave it. Leave it!
-Oh, okay. Fine. Okay.
Maureen, send him in!
[winding]
-[dramatic orchestral music]
-Behold!
Garguax the Decimator!
Eater of worlds!
Annihilator of Zortain!
Raider of the seven galaxies
of Cressida!
It's just us, Samuelson. Relax.
[The Brain] Thank you
for coming, Garguax.
You've already been briefed,
so I'll be quick.
Our crusade against Caulder
is in jeopardy,
and we need back up.
When this transponder
gives the signal, you'll know
the targets onsite.
She must be eliminated
swiftly and with severity.
Of course.
And who is the target?
[The Brain] You're our most
trusted ally, Garguax.
We're counting on you.
The fate of our entire
organization rests
in your hands.
Make us proud.
[Samuelson chuckles]
[mimicking ray gun sound]
[powering up]
Week one. We're in.
No sign of the target.
But when she dares
to show her face,
we'll be ready.
In the meantime,
our presence here
will go completely unnoticed.
[indistinct conversations]
[dramatic orchestral music]
Behold!
Garguax The Decimator!
Eater of worlds!
Annihilator of Zortain!
Raider of the Seven galaxies
of Cressida.
[cutlery clatters]
[music continues to play]
-[music stops]
-[footsteps approaching]
Jim Thompson.
Life Group Insurance.
And he said to me,
"I am a proctologist."
And I say, "Great!
Then you shouldn't have
any trouble...
[speaks alien language]
[laughs]
[translating] Pulling your head
out of your ass.
[laughs]
[all laughing]
Week 87.
Still no sign.
Ever vigilant, Garguax.
Week 143.
Still no sign.
Week 247. Week 292.
Still no sign. Still no sign.
Still no sign.
Ever vigilant, Garguax.
Week 326.
Still no sign.
Ever vigilant, Garguax.
-[hangs up]
-[machine powers down]
[Samuelson] My Lord...
My Lord...
[stammers]
My God...
[snoring]
Week 2189.
Still no sign of the target.
Ever vigilant...
[machine powers down]
God damn it!
[keys jangle]
[distant blaring]
-[scoffs]
-[blaring stops]
[sighs]
[clears throat]
[Niles] There are mysterious
things in this world that bear
keeping an eye on...
[distant blaring]
[yelps]
Shit...
Shit!
Oh!
Ah!
[grunting]
[straining]
[pants]
-[squishing]
-God damn it, Larry.
Where are you when I need you?
Is that what I think it is?
Is that your home, pal?
You wanna show me your home?
Oh, God...
Oh, my God.
Oh, God.
[Larry grunts]
[baby crying]
Hey, little buddy.
It's okay.
I gotcha. I gotcha.
All good. I'm on it.
Think this little hellraiser
was just looking
for some attention.
Which is why we were hoping
to let him cry it out,
so that he can start going
to sleep on his own.
What? No!
You can't spoil a baby
in the fourth trimester.
He'll get into a rhythm
when he's ready.
Okay. Thanks, Cliff.
It's okay, sweet boy.
It's okay.
Dad, is your hand--
Turkey cheddar sandwiches
are out in the kitchen.
Toasted the rolls,
just like you like.
I put together
the new stroller.
Finished up a load of laundry,
and I'll swing by the market
to grab some more diapers
for Professor Poopypants here.
Anything else you want me
to get while I'm there?
Uh, no, I think we're good.
Okay. Cool, cool, cool.
I'm gonna go get the mail.
Awesome.
[sighs]
I get the guy wants
to make up for lost time,
but... does he got
to do it all at once?
He's just excited.
Hey, have you by any chance
noticed how his hand--
-[baby crying]
-Oh, God.
Uh, sorry, a bit jammed up.
Baby's fine.
Just a little sun shower.
Hey.
It's okay, Rory.
It's okay.
[sighs]
You all right?
Yep! This is just...
It happens sometimes.
All good.
All right.
Come on, you stupid fucking
piece of shit robot body.
God damn it!
[Grid] Call initiated.
[man] You're shitting me.
[woman]
I shit you not, dude.
Our lead
on the Quorom breach
checked out.
Evers had help.
[man] Who? Wait.
Let's not talk on open line.
[Grid] Call terminated.
Grid.
Run another facial recognition
search on Roni Evers.
[Grid] Scanning.
Inconclusive.
Where are you?
Grid, cross check her
last known whereabouts with--
-[Grid]
Mandatory shutdown initiated.
-[beeping]
-Grid, what are you--
-[powering down]
[breathing heavily]
What the hell?
[cell phone dialing]
[cell phone ringing]
[sighs]
-Let me explain.
-Explain what?
Why I'm standing here
calling you from a flip phone
I haven't used
since middle school?
[Silas over phone]
I was gonna call,
but things have been
a bit tense around here lately.
What's going on?
Your actions
had consequences.
That's what's going on.
What?
Quorum sent S.T.A.R. Labs
their security feed
from a few days back.
And guess who made
quite a cameo.
All right.
I know how it looks.
I won't sit here
and pretend to understand
why you did what you did.
But this is bad.
No matter the excuse,
at the end of the day,
Cyborg let a criminal go free.
That's all I am to you?
Cyborg, brought to you
by S.T.A.R. Labs.
Don't even try it.
-We both know that's not true.
-Isn't it?
If it were, I wouldn't be doing
everything in my power
to smooth this over
and save your ass.
So, maybe a little gratitude?
[sighs]
They can't just shut me down.
You shut yourself down, son.
There's got to be something
I can do.
Don't do anything
to piss them off
more than you already have.
-Just lie low.
-Can I at least just--
Just. Lie. Low.
[Rita] Excuse me?
Hello?
A little help, please?
Ugh...
What the hell happened?
[Rita] Oh, just one
of my episodes.
I need to get out of here.
I'll get the sump pump.
[Rita] I mean, out of this
insufferable house.
Everywhere you turn
in this place,
it's Niles, Niles, Niles.
It's exhausting.
All right. So take a walk.
I was thinking more
like a vacation.
A proper vacation.
I can't go on vacation
right now.
-I got a lot going on.
-Oh, really?
Like what?
[sighs]
I'll get my laptop.
[woman] That won't
be necessary.
Oh. Hey.
-I wanna say, um--
-Secretary.
If you need assistance
booking travel, allow me.
Done.
Codsville Mountain Resort.
It satisfies
all the requirements
I assume you're looking for.
All-inclusive, inexpensive,
remote, quiet, cable TV
and bottomless mimosa brunches
every day in a place
called the "Bing-Bang Room."
[Rita] Sold!
-You coming?
-[gasps]
Oh!
I'm saving up my vacation days
for a trip to Dollywood.
[chuckles softly]
Okay. But does
Jane wanna come?
I'm sorry.
Jane's currently unavailable.
[Jane] Kay?
What are you doing up here?
I was curious.
It's been a while since
I last looked out.
I didn't even think
you knew this place existed.
-Are you okay?
-I was going to ask you
the same thing.
What do you mean?
[whimpering] Niles.
He's gone now.
-Are you sad?
-It's complicated.
But I'm fine.
They're going on a trip.
I'll tell them bon voyage.
We're not going?
I don't really need a vacation.
Wait, do you wanna go?
I think we should.
I think it might
be good for you.
[sighs]
I'm in.
But you fuck rags
better not ruin this.
[Rita] Hoorah!
Victor, fetch the sump pump.
What about Tin Man?
Fuck!
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
Fucking shit body. Fuck!
-Still no luck?
-Any second now.
You sure there's no one
we can call?
Sweetie, It's fine. I'm okay.
Really.
This doesn't have anything
to do with your hand issue,
does it?
What hand issue?
Dad...
Come on, seriously,
I'm not stupid.
I've seen your hand tremor.
Oh, that?
It's nothing. It's probably
just some built up electrical
discharge or some shit.
Mel's mee-maw
had a similar issue.
Before she...
before she passed away.
Mel's mee-maw?
Who died when she was
like 193?
What was it?
Parkinson's.
Well, that sucks.
But last I checked, robots
don't get Parkinson's.
-Maybe robots
with human brains can?
-Uh-huh...
Look, I'm not trying
to freak you out or anything.
I just think you need
to get it checked out.
I'm fine.
Dad...
I am really happy we're
in each other's lives again.
I am.
But if you're going to keep
looking after Rory
and driving my wife nuts
in the process,
I need to be sure
it's safe.
For his sake.
And also I love you.
I love you, too.
[sighs]
[Jane] Hey, dipshit.
Oh. Hey guys.
-We're going on vacation.
-Huh. Nice suitcase?
-[Rita groans]
-Not a suitcase.
It's a useless sack of shit.
[Rita] I heard that.
It's me, Cliff.
-Rita.
-Like I said.
So, you in or what?
Fuck yes.
Oh, uh...
Can someone do me a solid
and knock me on my ass
real quick?
That usually loosens
me right up.
-You sure
that's really such a--
-[Rita groans]
With fucking pleasure!
[Cliff yelling]
Thanks, Hammerhead!
[Vic] What a ghost town.
[Cliff] Was this really
the best place
Secretary could find?
[Rita] Is it dreadful?
Please tell me
it's not dreadful.
-[Vic] Well, there's a lake.
-[Rita] Oh.
This says not to swim.
Leeches gather
along the shoreline.
-[Rita] Oh, dear God.
-Quiet, sack.
They have Wi-Fi, right?
They have a rotary phone
in the lobby
for $2.99 a minute.
But it seems
like there's lots of cool
activities on the grounds.
Like that one.
What is it?
[Cliff] It's called
The Backbone.
Quickest way to discover
who you really are.
The only way
to reach the top
is to let go of all your fear.
Ooh, says here
back in the '70s,
Nixon climbed up, and when
he came back down, he resigned.
Huh!
[breathing heavily]
[gasping]
[breathes heavily]
What was that?
Hey, pal.
Negative Spirit release.
Where'd you go?
[sighs]
[dialing]
You're not actually going
to climb that thing, are you?
Why? What's the problem?
-It's a death trap.
-Chickenshit.
All right.
Up you go.
[grunting]
You going to get that
checked out any time soon?
Jesus Christ,
you sound like my daughter.
What the hell's the point
in getting me checked out?
So you can find out
what's wrong?
And then what?
Sink into another
20 year depression
when I also find out
that there's nothing
I can actually do about it?
-Maybe there is.
-Right. 'Cause I'm that lucky.
Nah! If I'm living
on borrowed time,
I'm not going to
waste it like I did before.
I'm going
to enjoy the ever-living
fuck out of it.
And finding out
I might have some
terminal disease isn't exactly
my idea of a fucking party.
Got that, baby blue?
[scoffs]
I was wondering how long
it would take you to
give me shit about this.
Seriously, what's the deal?
I'm kind of on ice right now.
S.T.A.R. Labs
isn't too happy with me.
Roni got into some
trouble and I tried
to help her out of it.
Makes sense.
You love her.
Whoa! It's not about that.
I was just trying
to give her another chance.
-Help her go
in a different direction.
-'Cause you love her.
No, 'cause she's a good person
who got dealt a bad hand.
And she deserves better.
I was just trying
to give her that.
-'Cause... you--
-This is not about Roni,
all right?
I just don't like
having my wings clipped.
That's all.
[sighs] I'm Cyborg.
My tech is part
of who I am.
Your tech is just a bunch
of tangled wires
and twisted metal.
It's got nothing to do
with who you are.
Trust me.
[sighs]
[Rita] Unfurrow
your brow, Jane.
You can't
afford the frown lines.
You can't even see me.
[Rita] I don't need to.
Are you going to relax at all
on this vacation?
Mmm. I'm relaxed.
She said
with ever the defensive tone.
Look, I'm just not built
to kick back, okay?
-That's not my job.
-I see.
But surely
the others won't begrudge you
a little well-deserved time
for self-care?
They don't.
They've actually been trying
to help out more.
Even the girl.
[scoffs] But that's not
how it's supposed to work.
I'm the one
who looks out for her,
not the other way around.
I guess I've just been
a little off lately 'cause...
[sighs in exasperation]
Whatever. It doesn't matter.
What about you?
Is this place helping
with your situation?
-[Rita] Let's see.
-[squishing]
[inhales, strains]
[moans, groans]
[grunts] Not yet.
To be completely honest,
I'm not in any particular hurry
to reconstitute.
-Why not?
-Even if I could manage
to pull myself together,
what's the point?
Who would I even be?
I tried to be Rita Farr,
I failed.
I tried to be the Beekeeper,
And poor Gertrude Cramp,
she never even had a chance.
Yeah. Wait, who the fuck
is the Beekeeper?
[Rita sighs wearily] A failed
effort to reinvent myself.
However, I think
"Amorphous putty woman"
suits me better.
Even if this vacation
fails to restore my body,
at the very least, we're out of
the Chief's dismal flophouse.
It's a bit difficult
to move past one's grief
when you're still eating
the departed's rocky road.
He really was a rat bastard,
wasn't he?
What a cruel thing
to say about rats.
[chuckles]
First he ruins our lives,
and then he just abandons us.
[Rita] Unforgivable.
[sighs] Thank heavens
we're finally free of him.
Yep.
[Rita] So it's settled then?
We're glad he's gone.
[sighs deeply] Yep.
[slurps]
[mumbling] I'm fine.
I'm fuckin' fine.
I don't need
to get checked out.
Why don't you
get fuckin' checked out?
Everyone needs
to fuckin' relax.
[man] Sounds like you're
the one that needs to relax.
Uh, oh, sorry. Didn't think
anyone else was in here.
No problem.
You know... [grunts]
this place will do wonders
for you if you let it.
[sizzles]
Garguax the Decimator.
-Cliff Steele.
-Pleasure.
-First time at the resort?
-Yeah. You?
Technically, sure.
Yeah, I've been here
a while, though.
Hey, have you tried that
Backbone thing by any chance?
[chuckling] Fuck no.
You think I got a death wish?
If I was a younger man,
maybe. But...
Nah, those days
are behind me now.
[chuckling]
I hear you, brother.
I'd give my left wingnut
to claw back a couple
of the good years.
[chuckling]
Yeah, when it was good,
it was really fucking good,
wasn't it?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, man.
When I was
at the top of my game
and I saw something I wanted,
I just took it.
No questions asked.
Same here.
I was a shitty asshole,
but I was the best
goddamn shitty asshole
there ever was.
I had everything!
Then one day, boom.
Boom.
Nothin'.
-Best years of my life...
-Gone.
Thought maybe, just maybe,
I might be able to crawl out
from under the wreckage,
put a few of the broken pieces
back together.
But lately, uh...
I don't know.
Time, man.
It's a real kick in the ass,
ain't it?
Yeah.
-Fuckin' Niles Caulder!
-Fuckin' Niles Caulder.
-That fucking guy.
-That fucking guy!
-What did he do to you?
-Oh, nothing.
I just had this whole
bright future ahead of me,
and that fucking guy
blew it the fuck up.
Yep, that sounds
like fucking Niles.
[sighs]
Well, we're better men now,
I guess.
Yeah, I guess.
Yeah. There comes a time
where you just gotta
give in to your fate
and say, "Fuck it."
You know what I mean?
Um... sure.
See you around, Cliff.
Yeah. See ya.
[door opens]
-[slow song playing]
-[all slurping]
[all slurping]
-God, I miss alcohol.
-[Rita] Ugh.
Are we sure
there's actually any in here?
Or is it just some mystery mix
of red and blue sugar water?
I don't know, Rita.
Why don't I
go get the mixologist
and ask her
which top-shelf booze she used
to make our $6 scorpion bowl?
This place blows.
[dramatic orchestral music]
[Samuelson] Behold!
Garguax the Decimator.
Eater of worlds.
Annihilator of Zortain.
-Raider of the seven galaxy--
-[Victrola stops]
What in the ever-loving fuck?
[Rita] What is it?
What's going on?
-Hey, Cliff.
-Hey, Garg.
Um, who the hell is that?
Who? Garguax?
Oh, he's my new resort buddy.
Nice guy.
You know, you always realize
what a small world it is
when you go on vacation.
Turns out
he hates Niles' fucking guts
as much as we do.
-What are the odds?
-Wait, wait. He knew Niles?
Guess so.
My Lord, who are those guests?
[Garguax] I don't know
who the other ones are,
but, uh,
the robot guy is Cliff.
He's good people.
There are meta-humans
staying at this resort?
Don't know.
Anyone else think
there's some kind of cause
for concern here?
[Rita] I'll ask again.
What is going on?
Well, a red alien guy
just called a green alien guy
"Garguax the Decimator."
So not much.
-Are they supervillains?
-What?
No!
It's probably
just a dumb nickname.
[chuckles sarcastically]
Oh. Yeah.
He probably just picked it up
at his freshman year
at Dartmouth.
So we're really just
gonna sit here?
Look, even if the guy's
a supervillain,
which he's not,
he's clearly on vacation.
[Jane] Yeah, or retired.
So why don't we let
low-budget Shrek and his buddy
eat in peace, yeah?
[Rita] If you're looking to me
for backup, Victor,
don't bother.
My buzz is finally kicking in.
No.
Hey, fellas.
I'm Cyborg.
[chuckles]
On our home planet,
that word, "Cyborg,"
means "Fish fucker."
[chuckles] I'm sorry,
do we have a problem here?
There's no problem here,
Mr. Cyborg.
We're just trying to enjoy
our vacation.
-That's all I'm askin'.
Okay. Thank you, Columbo.
Now...
[sighs softly]
I'll leave you fellas to it.
[exhales] We worked it out.
Our hero.
[slurping]
[scoffs] That guy said
Garguax eats worlds.
I really think
we should do something.
[Rita] I'm confused.
I could've sworn you said
you worked it out.
[Vic] Come on. This is a layup.
Taking this guy on
is the lowest possible
superteam bar we can clear.
Not a superteam, Blue Steel.
-[Cliff] Yeah, Old Blue Eyes.
-[Jane] Yeah,
Blue Light Special.
[chuckles] Nice.
[Cliff] Not for nothing,
but maybe
you shouldn't be judging
who is and who isn't a villain.
If you were willing
to look the other way
for your girlfriend,
why not this guy?
Leave her out of this.
-Just sayin'.
-[Vic] You said it
yourself, Cliff.
Garguax was an enemy of Niles.
-We should do this for him.
-[Cliff laughs]
You got it twisted, Blue Balls.
The enemy of my enemy
is my friend.
If that guy hates Niles,
that's all I need to know.
[Rita] Why don't we all
just take a breath and relax?
We're on vacation.
[scoffs] A vacation for what?
Look, a vacation implies
you actually have a job
that you need
to take a break from.
We don't do anything.
[Rita] That's not true.
[chuckles] I'm sorry, I forgot.
So, uh, is this
how the Beekeeper
would handle the situation?
[Rita] Apparently so.
Looking the other way
is what I do best.
Add the Chief's faith in me
to the list of his many faults.
He foolishly believed
I was destined for heroism,
but when the call to action
actually came,
I promptly hung up.
What are you talking about,
sad sack?
What happened?
[Rita] Niles left me a key
to a secret compartment
in the manor.
Last night,
a strange device was emitting
some kind of
unbearably vexing signal.
I can't be sure
what it was,
but it's entirely possible
someone was in need of help.
And you didn't say anything?
[Rita] No, Victor,
I didn't say anything.
I didn't do anything.
I did the exact opposite
of what a hero
is supposed to do!
I came on vacation.
If I'm going to be honest
with myself,
[sighs] then I should
at least get to be myself.
[sighs deeply]
I'm no hero.
[slurps]
The Beekeeper was yet another
mediocre role
I played to middling reviews.
Another pathetic attempt
at relevance in a world
that would
sooner see me forgotten.
[breath trembling]
A quiet obscurity
worked well enough for decades.
I mean...
Perhaps it's time
I returned to what I know.
You did nothing wrong.
How can you say that?
Not a superteam.
Maybe we
should leave stuff like this
to the people who
are actually equipped
to deal with it.
That's us!
Look at me.
I'm literally equipped
to deal with it!
-Not anymore.
-You know what, Cliff--
[Cliff] How about
you take a break
from the hero shtick, Cyborg,
and just be?
For a minute!
-That's why we all
came here, right?
-[Jane slurps]
You all got your own shit
to deal with.
I got my own shit to deal with.
You mean "avoid."
Oh, fuck all the way off, dude.
What is he talking about?
You wanna tell 'em or should I?
Okay, I'll tell 'em.
Cliff has a brain issue
and he won't
do anything about it.
-Are you okay?
-Will everybody stop
fucking asking me that?
I'm fine, okay? I'm fine!
And before you ask, no!
I'm not gonna
get it checked out.
Even if I wanted to,
who's gonna do it?
The one guy
who might have known
how to help me is dead,
remember?
Niles is fucking dead!
He stuck my fucked up brain
in this fucked up body,
and now he's worm food!
And you want me
to do this for him?
Fuck him! I don't owe him
jack-motherfucking-squat.
None of us do!
So fuck his
little secret compartment
and fuck his
little green nemesis!
His shit is not our shit.
I'm fucking done!
Give it a rest, dude!
Just 'cause you're
in the penalty box,
doesn't make us your plan B.
You wanna be the Chief's
badass crime-fighting
Doom Patrol so badly!
But that's just not who we are.
When are you gonna get that
through your thick metal skull?
[scoffs] Man, screw all y'all.
I knew it. I knew it!
The second I laid eyes
on that bunch,
I knew something was amiss!
This is it, My Lord.
Our time has finally come.
My Lord? What are you doing?
We're done, Samuelson.
It's over.
Over?
You said you heard them talk
of Caulder and his Doom Patrol.
You saw her,
she's finally here.
This is it!
Niles is dead.
And that poor woman's a wreck.
She's not
gonna be harmin' anyone.
Just leave her alone.
"Leave her alone."
"Leave her alone"?
[Samuelson's breath shaking]
More than 70 years
we've waited.
Day after day after day,
and now the moment
we've been waiting
for finally arrives, and...
And you wish to do nothing?
They're nice people.
And clearly
no more beholden to Niles
than we are to the Brain.
-We are beholden to the Brain.
-No.
That thing has never
given us a signal.
And it never will.
Maybe that
was our mission once, but...
missions are supposed to serve
a greater cause.
That cause has long passed.
I can't believe
what I'm hearing.
The Brain's cause
is still our cause.
We cannot give up
on the mission.
We're not giving up
The mission gave up on us.
Thank you for your service,
old friend.
But it's time to move on.
My Lord,
you're not thinking clearly.
My mind hasn't been this clear
in a long time.
Start packing your things.
We leave tonight.
This is a good thing,
Samuelson.
[chuckles softly]
We're finally free.
[Cliff] Fucking Niles.
I'm fucking done
with all this bullshit!
I have my own shit
to deal with.
And I don't avoid it.
I deal with it.
Fuck!
-["Valley" playing]
-♪ Thought I saw you ♪
♪ Payphone on Rucker ♪
♪ Michelle
I still want to give in ♪
♪ I'd understand if you did ♪
♪ How long must we live right ♪
♪ Before we
Don't even have to try? ♪
[grunts]
I fuckin' deal with it!
[grunting]
♪ Drawing of three flowers ♪
♪ I still keep it with me ♪
♪ Does she still
Want to sing? ♪
[grunts]
♪ I hear the sounds... ♪
[body seizes, yells]
Fuck! Fuck!
[clicks tongue]
Fuck, fuck, fuck.
Fuck! Fuck!
-[Backbone creaking]
-[Cliff yelling]
♪ I don't blame you
For wanting out ♪
[screaming]
♪ I'm kind of close myself ♪
♪ No love, no amount ♪
♪ Never enough to go around ♪
[clock ticking]
I thought we were done
with all this.
The bandages,
the special suits.
This was
supposed to be a fresh start.
We were supposed to be one.
["Forever Young" playing]
I thought
we were in this together.
♪ Can you imagine
When this race is won ♪
♪ Turn our golden faces
Into the sun ♪
♪ Praising our leaders
We're getting in tune ♪
♪ The music's played by the
The mad man ♪
♪ Forever young
I want to be forever young ♪
♪ Do you really
Want to live forever? ♪
♪ Forever, and ever ♪
♪ Forever young
I want to be forever young ♪
♪ Do you really
Want to live forever? ♪
♪ Forever young ♪
♪ Some are like water
Some are like the heat ♪
♪ Some are a melody
And some are the beat ♪
♪ Sooner or later
They all will be gone ♪
♪ Why don't they stay young? ♪
♪ It's so hard to get old
Without a cause ♪
♪ I don't want to perish
Like a fading horse ♪
♪ Youth's like diamonds
In the sun ♪
♪ And diamonds are forever ♪
♪ So many adventures
Couldn't happen today ♪
♪ So many songs
We forgot to play ♪
♪ So many dreams
Swinging out of the blue ♪
♪ We let them come true ♪
♪ Forever young
I want to be forever young ♪
♪ Do you really
Want to live forever? ♪
♪ Forever, and ever ♪
♪ Forever young
I want to be forever young ♪
♪ Do you really
Want to live forever? ♪
♪ Forever, and ever ♪
♪ Forever young
I want to be forever young ♪
♪ Do you really
Want to live forever? ♪
♪ Forever young ♪
[muffled music playing]
[panting]
[straining]
[beeping]
[beeping grows faster]
[rapid beeping]
["Forever Young"
continues playing]
[door opens]
Run.
[canon charging]
[Vic] Fuck!
I'm sorry.
[panting]
[grunts]
[mellow instrumental
music playing]